# Election_Analysis

## Table of Contents
- [Overview of Project](#OverviewProject)
  * [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Results](#Results)
  * [Results by County](#countyresults)
  * [Results by Candidate](#candidateresults)
- [Election Audit Summary](#Summary)
- [Resources](#Resources)

 
## <a name="OverviewProject"></a>Overview of Project

An employee for the Colorado Board of Directors is looking to audit and certify a recent congrassional election for the state. We were given a file with the casted votes to be analized. A text file with the results was to be generated by our code.  

### <a name="purpose"></a>Purpose

This audit needs to produce:
- The total number of votes
- The counties where the votes are collected from and 
  * Number of votes per county
  * Percentage of votes per county
  * County with the most votes
- The candidates in the election 
  * Number of votes per candidate
  * Percentage of votes per candidate
  * The winner of the election and the winner's vote count and percentage of votes. 
  
## <a name="Results"></a>Results

The results of this election are as follow. To verify the information provided, access the Election Analysis. 

* In this election a total of 369,711 votes were counted.  

* The votes counted came from three counties in Colorado, as seen in the table below. 

**County**|**Total Votes**|**Percentage**|
 --- |---|---|
 Denver    | 306,055       | 82.5%        |
 Jefferson | 38,855        | 10.5%        |
 Arapahoe  | 24,801        | 6.7%         |
 
* Of the counties were the votes were counted,the one with the largest turnout was Denver.  

* The candidates that received votes from those three counties are shown in the table below. 

**Candidate**|**Total Votes**|**Percentage**|
 --- |---|---|
 Diana DeGette            | 272,892       | 73.8%        |
 Charles Spencer Stockham | 85,213        | 23.0%        |
 Raymon Anthony Doanne    | 11,606        | 3.1%         |

* Diana DeGette received 73.8% (272,892) of the votes, making her the winner of the popular vote. 

## <a name="Summary"></a>Election Audit Summary



## <a name="Resources"></a>Resources
